Obsolete swift3 templates (#691)
SwiftGen/SwiftGen: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

> * As Swift 3 is officially no longer maintained, we're obsoleting the Swift 3 templates and they are no longer included with SwiftGen. You can still get the old swift 3 templates from older SwiftGen versions, or from GitHub by browsing older tags.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As Swift 3 is officially no longer maintained, we're obsoleting the Swift 3 templates and they are no longer included with SwiftGen. You can still use the old swift 3 templates by getting them from older SwiftGen versions, or from GitHub by browsing older tags.  
```
